Expand NSX-T Edge Gateway support for IP allocation management (#532)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: .changes/v2.20.0/532-features.md

> * Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.Refresh` function to reload NSX-T Edge Gateway structure [GH-532]
> * Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetUsedIpAddresses` function to fetch used IP addresses in NSX-T Edge
>   Gateway [GH-532]
> * Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetUsedIpAddressSlice` function to fetch used IP addresses in a slice
>   [GH-532]
> * Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetUnusedExternalIPAddresses` function that can help to find an unused
>   IP address in an Edge Gateway by given constraints [GH-532]
> * Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetAllUnusedExternalIPAddresses` function that can return all unused IP
>   addresses in an Edge Gateway [GH-532]
> * Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetAllocatedIpCount` function that sums up `TotalIPCount` fields in all
>   subnets [GH-532]
> * Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.QuickDeallocateIpCount` and `OpenAPIEdgeGateway.DeallocateIpCount`
>   functions to manually alter Edge Gateway body for IP deallocation [GH-532]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.Refresh` method to reload NSX-T Edge Gateway structure [GH-532]
* Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetUsedIpAddresses` method to fetch used IP addresses in NSX-T Edge
  Gateway [GH-532]
* Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetUsedIpAddressSlice` method to fetch used IP addresses in a slice
  [GH-532]
* Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetUnusedExternalIPAddresses` method that can help to find an unused
  IP address in an Edge Gateway by given constraints [GH-532]
* Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetAllUnusedExternalIPAddresses` method that can return all unused IP
  addresses in an Edge Gateway [GH-532]
* Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.GetAllocatedIpCount` method that sums up `TotalIPCount` fields in all
  subnets [GH-532]
* Added `NsxtEdgeGateway.QuickDeallocateIpCount` and `OpenAPIEdgeGateway.DeallocateIpCount`
  methods to manually alter Edge Gateway body for IP deallocation [GH-532]
```

Author: Fixed.
